h1. About

This README describes the RESTful API added to SIPBuilder Tool. The API is providing web services for building Submission Input Packages (SIPs) according the bagit format used for the DA NRW Software suite. 

h1. Releases

0.1 first basic working release

h1. Status

Software is alpha. Basic functionalities are implemented. Mayor functionalities are still missing, e.g. RESTful Responses.  

h1. License

According SIP-Builder Licence. See...

h1. Install

SiPBuilder with RESTful API can be deployed as a standalone WebArchive (war) container within the Tomcat Web-Application Server. To generate the war-container please run mvn clean compile war:war

h1. Usage

RESTful operations provides Sip building for single SIPs actually. Batch creation is not supported until now. 

h2. Service URL

http://mydomain:8080/hkiSB/api

h3. Service /createSingleSip

h4. Short Description

* method: POST
* returns: xml, json
* call: /createSingleSip?fileList=<Url of file containing all files to be assemblaged in the SIP>&parameterFile=<Url of file providing building parameters>&rigths=<Url to file with usage rights>

h4. Curl Example

@curl \-v \-H "Accept: application/json" \-X POST \-\-url "http://mydomain:8080/hkiSB/api/createSingleSip?fileList=http://nyx.hbz-nrw.de/hkiSB/InListFile.txt&parameterFile=http://nyx.hbz-nrw.de/hkiSB/sipBuilderParams.txt&rights=http://nyx.hbz-nrw.de/hkiSB/standardRights.xml"@ 

h3. Service /createNamedSingleSip

h4. Short Description

* method POST
* returns: json, xml
* call: /createNamedSingleSip?fileList=<Url of file containing all files to be assemblaged in the SIP>&parameterFile=<Url of file providing building parameters>&rigths=<Url to file with usage rights>&packageName=<The name used for naming the newly builded SIP>

h4. Curl Example

@curl \-v \-H "Accept: application/json" \-X POST \-\-url "http://mydomain:8080/hkiSB/api/createSingleSip?fileList=http://nyx.hbz-nrw.de/hkiSB/InListFile.txt&parameterFile=http://nyx.hbz-nrw.de/hkiSB/sipBuilderParams.txt&rights=http://nyx.hbz-nrw.de/hkiSB/standardRights.xml&packageName=testPackage"@ 
